---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "golinks_links Data Source - golinks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# golinks_links (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)
- `limit` (Number)
- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--links))
- `offset` (Number)
- `total_results` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.links`

Read-Only:

- `next` (String)
- `prev` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `cid` (Number)
- `created_at` (Number) The timestamp when the GoLink was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the GoLink.
- `gid` (Number)
- `name` (String) The name of the GoLink.
- `pinned` (Number) Indicates if the GoLink is pinned.
- `redirect_hits` (Attributes) The redirect hits statistics for the GoLink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--redirect_hits))
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags associated with the GoLink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--tags))
- `unlisted` (Number) Indicates if the GoLink is unlisted.
- `updated_at` (Number) The timestamp when the GoLink was last updated.
- `url` (String) The destination URL the GoLink points to.
- `user` (Attributes) The user who created the GoLink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--user))
- `variable_link` (Number) Indicates if the GoLink is a variable link.

<a id="nestedatt--results--redirect_hits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.redirect_hits`

Read-Only:

- `alltime` (Number)
- `daily` (Number)
- `monthly` (Number)
- `weekly` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--results--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the tag.
- `tid` (Number) The unique ID of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--results--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.user`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `uid` (Number) The user ID.
- `user_image_url` (String) URL to the user's profile image.
- `username` (String) The user's username.
