---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "golinks_link Resource - golinks"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a GoLink.
---

# golinks_link (Resource)

Manages a GoLink.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Brief description of the link.
- `name` (String) The link name.
- `url` (String) The destination URL.

### Optional

- `aliases` (List of String) Create multiple names for the same link with aliases.
- `format` (Boolean) If the value is true, invalid characters (e.g. punctuation) will be removed from the created go link name.
- `geolinks` (Attributes List) Create different destinations for a link depending on current location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geolinks))
- `hyphens` (Boolean) If the value is true, spaces will be replaced with hyphens in the go link name. If false, spaces will be removed. Requires format set to true.
- `private` (Boolean) If true, the link is private. Links cannot change to or from private after creation.
- `public` (Boolean) If true, the link can be accessed by people outside of your organization.
- `tags` (List of String) Organize your golinks and find the right ones quickly with tags.
- `unlisted` (Boolean) If true, the link is unlisted. Private links are always unlisted.

### Read-Only

- `cid` (Number) The Company ID.
- `created_at` (Number) Unix timestamp when the golink was created.
- `gid` (Number) The GoLink ID returned by the API.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update to the golink.
- `pinned` (Boolean) Indicates if the link is pinned.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix timestamp when the golink was last updated.
- `user` (Attributes) The user who created the golink. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))
- `variable_link` (Boolean) Indicates if the link is a variable link.

<a id="nestedatt--geolinks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geolinks`

Required:

- `location` (String) Two-character ISO country code or 'US-XX' for US states.
- `url` (String) The destination URL for this location.


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The user's email address.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `uid` (Number) The user ID.
- `user_image_url` (String) URL to the user's profile image.
- `username` (String) The user's username.
